docs: document deleting custom identity schemas (#2539)
ory/docs: docs/identities/model/manage-identity-schema.mdx

It's recommended to manage identity schemas in version control. Learn more about
[managing Ory Network configuration in git](../../guides/gitops).

## Delete a custom schema

> Custom schemas you no longer need can be deleted. The deletion is rejected if the schema is still attached to a project or is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can delete a custom schema that you no longer need if the schema is not being used by a project or referenced by an identity.
```

> referenced by an identity. Once a schema is attached to a project, that attachment cannot be removed, so the schema cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> deleted as long as it remains in use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Presets cannot be deleted.

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="console" label="Ory Console" default>

1. Go to <ConsoleLink route="project.identitySchema" />.
2. Find the schema you want to delete in the **Custom schemas** section.
3. Open the row menu (three dots) and select **Delete schema**.
4. Confirm the deletion in the dialog.

> If **Delete schema** is disabled, the schema is currently attached to a project and cannot be deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If **Delete schema** is disabled, the schema is attached to a project and cannot be deleted.
```

> If **Delete schema** is disabled, the schema is currently attached to a project and cannot be deleted.

Reviewer: Remove 'currently'. Once a schema is attached to a project it can never be unattached... so it will always be 'currently' attached.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="curl" label="cURL">

Delete a schema through the Ory Network Console API using a
[workspace API key](../../concepts/personal-access-token.mdx#authorizing-ory-network-workspace-admin-apis):

```shell
curl -X DELETE "https://api.console.ory.sh/identity-schemas/$SCHEMA_ID" \
     -H "Authorization: Bearer $ORY_WORKSPACE_API_KEY"
```

> If the schema is still in use, the API returns `409 Conflict` with the number of projects that reference it.

Reviewer: Should this not say 'If the schema is used by a project or references an identity..."

The use of 'still' implies that it can be in use and not in use, but we already say once a schema is used by a project it cannot be removed.
